README.md, before:

# TheClothesProject

## Overview

The TheClothesProject is designed to facilitate the configuration and selection of clothing items based on various criteria. This project leverages ontological modeling to provide a flexible and interactive interface for users to select clothing attributes such as target audience, category, type, color, material, and size.

## Features

- **Interactive Configuration**: Allows users to choose various attributes of clothing items through an interactive console-based interface.
- **Ontology Integration**: Utilizes an ontology to manage and query clothing attributes, ensuring accurate and dynamic data retrieval.
- **Final Configuration Display**: Provides a summary of the user's selections, showcasing the final configuration of the chosen clothing item.

## How It Works

1. **Initialization**: The configuration process starts by initializing the necessary components, including a scanner for user input and a controller to interact with the ontology.
2. **User Choices**: Users make selections for:
    - **Target Audience**
    - **Clothing Category**
    - **Type of Clothing**
    - **Color**
    - **Material**
    - **Size** 
3. **Final Configuration**: After making all selections, the final configuration is displayed to the user.

## Usage

1. **Run the Application**: Start the application using your preferred Java runtime environment.
2. **Follow Prompts**: The application will prompt you to make choices. Follow the instructions to configure your clothing item.
3. **View Configuration**: After all selections are made, the application will display the final configuration.

## Requirements

- **Java 11 or Higher**: Ensure you have a compatible Java version installed.
- **Jena Framework**: Used for handling RDF data and SPARQL queries.

## Installation

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/ontology-configuration-project.git
2. **Navigate to the repository**
    ```bash
   cd TheClothesProject
3. **Build the project**
    ```bash
   ./gradlew build
4. **Run the application**
    ```bash
   ./gradlew run
## License
### This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact
For any questions or inquiries, please contact:

- Name: Danilo Quattrini.
- Email: daniloquattrini.com@gmail.com

Commit message:

Finished the project and edited the README

README.md, after:

# TheClothesProject

## Overview

The TheClothesProject is designed to facilitate the configuration and selection of clothing items based on various criteria. This project leverages ontological modeling to provide a flexible and interactive interface for users to select clothing attributes such as target audience, category, type, color, material, and size.

## Features

- **Interactive Configuration**: Allows users to choose various attributes of clothing items through an interactive console-based interface.
- **Ontology Integration**: Utilizes an ontology to manage and query clothing attributes, ensuring accurate and dynamic data retrieval.
- **Final Configuration Display**: Provides a summary of the user's selections, showcasing the final configuration of the chosen clothing item.

## How It Works

1. **Initialization**: The configuration process starts by initializing the necessary components, including a scanner for user input and a controller to interact with the ontology for more info read the [project repo](./RelazioneProgetto.pdf).
2. **User Choices**: Users make selections for:
    - **Target Audience**
    - **Clothing Category**
    - **Type of Clothing**
    - **Color**
    - **Material**
    - **Size** 
3. **Final Configuration**: After making all selections, the final configuration is displayed to the user.

## Usage

1. **Run the Application**: Start the application using your preferred Java runtime environment.
2. **Follow Prompts**: The application will prompt you to make choices. Follow the instructions to configure your clothing item.
3. **View Configuration**: After all selections are made, the application will display the final configuration.

## Requirements

- **Java 11 or Higher**: Ensure you have a compatible Java version installed.
- **Jena Framework**: Used for handling RDF data and SPARQL queries.

## Installation

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/ontology-configuration-project.git
2. **Navigate to the repository**
    ```bash
   cd TheClothesProject
3. **Build the project**
    ```bash
   ./gradlew build
4. **Run the application**
    ```bash
   ./gradlew run
## License
### This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact
For any questions or inquiries, please contact:

- Name: Danilo Quattrini.
- Email: daniloquattrini.com@gmail.com
